$count in custom handlers (#1275)
cap-js/docs: node.js/best-practices.md

```

In the returned object, `value` is an instance of [stream.Readable](https://nodejs.org/api/stream.html#class-streamreadable) and the properties `$mediaContentType`, `$mediaContentDispositionFilename`, and `$mediaContentDispositionType` are used to set the respective headers.

## Custom $count { #custom-count }

> When writing custom `READ` on-handlers, one should also support requests containing $count like `GET /Books/$count` or `GET /Books?$count=true`. Consider example below for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you write custom `READ` on-handlers, you should also support requests that contain $count, such as `GET /Books/$count` or `GET /Books?$count=true`. For more details, consider the example below.
```

> When you write custom `READ` on-handlers, you should also support requests that contain `$count`, such as `GET /Books/$count` or `GET /Books?$count=true`. For more details, consider the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you write custom `READ` on-handlers, you should also support requests that contain `$count`, such as `GET /Books/$count` or `GET /Books?$count=true`. For more details, consider the following example:
```

> Example:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
